[DOC] Document jax.checkpoint policies (#23831)
jax-ml/jax: docs/gradient-checkpointing.md

Another policy which refers to names is `jax.checkpoint_policies.save_only_these_names`.

#### List of policies

The policies are:
* `everything_saveable` (the default strategy, as if `jax.checkpoint` were not being used at all)
* `nothing_saveable` (i.e. rematerialize everything, as if a custom policy were not being used at all)
* `dots_saveable` or its alias `checkpoint_dots`
* `dots_with_no_batch_dims_saveable` or its alias `checkpoint_dots_with_no_batch_dims`
* `save_anything_but_these_names` (save any values except for the output of
  `checkpoint_name` with any of the names given)
* `save_any_names_but_these` (save only named values, i.e. any outputs of
  `checkpoint_name`, except for those with the names given)
* `save_only_these_names` (save only named values, and only among the names
  given)
* `offload_dot_with_no_batch_dims` same as `dots_with_no_batch_dims_saveable`,
  but offload to CPU memory instead of recomputing.
* `save_and_offload_only_these_names` same as `save_only_these_names`, but
  offload to CPU memory instead of recomputing.

> * `save_from_both_policies(policy_1, policy_2)` This `or` two policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `save_from_both_policies(policy_1, policy_2)` (like a logical `or`, so that a residual is saveable if it is saveable according to `policy_1` _or_ `policy_2`)
```

Reviewer: Actually I think we should rename `save_from_both_policies` to `save_from_either_policy` because to me the name "both" is ambiguous as to whether it means "or" or "and". But we can do that later.
